I go to this. I hate having meetings at three arts dude.
That's my management company, because there's a guy and the valet
where first of all, you don't need the valet guy.
Anytime you there's a lot. And you don't need a valet guy.
It's just like, no,
no parking, it's fine. You've got another guy to do a job too.
There's another one at this coffee place I go to.
And it's so annoying that you get a ticket to get into the
place. Both of these places you get there, ample parking spaces.
And there's a guy in the coffee place. There's three guys.
There's three guys in the structure and they're just sitting there and they stop
and they stop you. All right. You're driving to the spot and they stop you.
And they say, Hey, who are you here for? And I just say,
I'm here to get coffee. And they go, okay, go up to the next level,
which I already know, because it's closer to the coffee entrance.
So then I get there. There's another guy there. And the guy says,
where are you going? I said, I'm here to get coffee. And the guy says, okay,
why don't you park right there and points to one of the spaces that are open.
And there's like, 40 spaces open.
I never parked in the one. He tells me because it's not, [inaudible] no matter
if this guy is going to make the job
more of it. G of a, of a inconvenience dude,
when they get people does this. So something that would drive me nuts,
people that help you when you don't need to be helped.
I have a question for these guys,
my and elderly lady or my young
as, dude, I'm only 39.
It's like crazy how young I am.
I don't know if there's anybody younger than me and I'm driving in
pray, proudly going Google Gaga.
I'm so young. I constantly check for a diaper.
I'm so young. I, my pants. And I say, it's okay.
I haven't learned how to not do that.
So young. I am.
So you don't need to help me park dude,
because there's so many spaces. Now, if it's a mess,
if there's, you know, if parking is like,
if there's so many different cars in the lot, like, ah,
what's that where they put the,
the duck and the chicken and the ham and the Turkey. And it's just like, dude,
what, what are you doing? What that called? Turducken Hey,
turducken go yourself, man. You know how that is?
What's wrong with chicken? What's wrong with duck? What's our Turkey dude.
Turducken is only okay if you put bubble gum in it too,
and Pepto-Bismol otherwise I ain't eaten it, put it all in there,
put it all in there.
You know how it is to other animals that would just rip them apart and stuffed
them in another animal and then eat it and then ship it out. We just go
all out of our.
So gross dude. That's like a Turkey would kill, uh,
uh, think about what that would be like.
If there were bigger beings out there like giants that would just kill all of
us, white, black, Mexican, and Asian,
and then just stuff all of us together and eat them.
They put it all in a black guy and just eat it and they just call it
white Blasian and they just, it
Just call it white. Blasian white Blasian
and the giants were like, did you eat white Blasian today?
It's it's the day where we
it's the day where we conquered all. Anyway, dude,
uh, what was I talking about? Parking? I mean, you know, so,
and then they're like, yeah, park here. I get so heated dude in my car
and it's and how to make it look with this YouTube video,
that one fighter pulled up how to make her duck.
And here's how you make her duck and you down. He had don't.
I want to make a video that's on YouTube.
That's how to make her duck in and you click on it and it's just,
and it's just me and I go like this, he don't.
Um.
So, uh, I do that and then, and then, so, and then in the coffee shop,
it's the worst dude, because, so this, like, I go like this, well,
I'm going to coffee and they go like this. Okay. They know too,
they know what are you doing here, guy, on the other hand,
it's nice that they just have a job. You know, it's hard to get a job out there.
So part of me is like, at least as companies paying them, you know
what company is doing? This is what I want to know. Anyway. And then,
and this valet one, this, this, I don't know if this drives me more nuts.
I do it less go to three art.
So I get to the thing and it's always one of the two or three of the guys.
And he's like, they're always like, they're always like, when they're like,
how long are you going to be? And I'm just like, what the does it matter?
I got to take a ticket anyway, what am I,
your girlfriend? We just talking and. Hey, are we in bed?
So I say an hour and the guy goes like this. Okay.
Or I want us to park there. And I,
and I parked there and I park where he says,
because it's more official. It's not like a cafe. I'm like, all right,
maybe knows his. Every time I parked there.
And it's always a spot that's like free and clear, I'm not blocking a car.
And he says, well, can you leave your key with me? Which drives me nuts.
If I'm free and clear, why do I need to leave a key?
Why do I need to leave a key? If I'm free and clear, there is zero reason.
You need to leave your key with somebody. If your car is free and clear.
Okay. So I give it to them. Cause I'm like, all right, well, what's the point.
If I'm like, why was he going to steal my, my, uh, my,
my ibuprofen and my, and my. I don't keep in my car. So
I leave and I come back and the car is always in a different
space, dude. Do you know how annoying that?
It's, it's, it's pretty annoying.
Get back down. And it's pretty annoying, dude, that I show up.
And my car's just in a different place, dude,
for zero reason,
he just moves my car to another area for
zero reason. Dude,
other cars are just in all sorts. And then I got to go back. Oh, here you go.
Here's your key. All thanks, dude. Thanks for this night. Yeah,
you can turducken in a parking lot for no reason.
He making tucking in a parking lot.
Young Hove. He's making young, he's making to duck in, in a parking lot.
It's what happens when you're bored with your life. You get,
cause you mismatch him in a parking lot. Like can make it to ducky Thanksgiving,
dinner, get out your day, get out your dishes, his Thanksgiving dinner.
Okay. What's that? Get out your dinner.
We got guests coming to Thanksgiving.